1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I would use a remote repository if I am working on a project from another computer or if
it is someone else's project. Remote repositories allow you to work on a project alongside
other contributors. 

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Pulling changes manually gives you more control over the changes that will occur in the 
remote repository. If multiple people are working on the files remotely, you wouldn't want
all of their changes automatically updated because it would cause confusion and alter others' work. 

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Branches are local versions of a file. A clone is a copy of a file or batch of files from github to your 
local computer. A fork is like a clone except it copies the file(s) from a github user to your github, allowing
the original to be credited and also shows that user any changes you make, which allows for collaborative
improvements.

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It allows you to work offline on the files. 

5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Collaborating without using Git would require a lot of file sharing back and forth and any changes
would probably not be tracked. It wouldn't allow any public contributors to work on the project because you
would need to manually send files to specific people to work on. 

6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does
each approach have?

Making changes in a separate branch allows you to organize your potential changes to master accordingly. You 
could try adding some different features in various branches without affecting the master branch. I think of
the master branch as the controlled variable and the separate branches as the experimental variables. On the other 
hand, it takes more steps to push and pull and merge all the changes which could be inconvenient for multiple collaborators.
